# ;; -*- mode: org; coding: utf-8 -*-

#+TITLE: ThesisPUC document class NEWS

* Latest News

** June the 9th, 2020

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.11 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

Changes since 1.0.10
-------------------

1.  Fix a bug 

Fix bug about abstract in Portuguese. The abstract in English was printed instead of the abstract in Portuguese.


* Older News

** June the 4th, 2020

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.10 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

Changes since 1.0.9
-------------------

1.  Comma added

A comma was added in text in front page


** June the 2nd, 2020

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.9 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

Changes since 1.0.8
-------------------

1.  Fix some bugs

Some bugs in initial pages was fixed: missing blank spaces, incorrect department name in examples, trailing period in examples, etc.

2.  Hyphenization

A command for correct hyphenization of some words was included in examples.

3.  Institution of external jury members

Ignore institution's name of external jury members (from institutions outside of PUC-Rio) in the list of the jury.


** Mai the 26th, 2020

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.8 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

Changes since 1.0.7
-------------------

1.  New copyright text

Text of the copyright of the thesis was updated.

2.  Bibliographic Data updated

Bibliographic data (Ficha catalográfica) updated to correspond with the bibliographic data of the university library

3.  Acknowledgments reminder

A reminder to thank the agencies that supported the thesis was added.

4.  Longer abstracts

Now it is possible to include longer abstracts (more than 1 page long).


** Mai the 26th, 2020

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.7 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

Changes since 1.0.6
-------------------

1.  New spelling rules of Brazilian Portuguese

The spelling of the word in portuguese 'co-orientador' was updated to 'coorientador' according to the new spelling rules of Brazilian Portuguese.

2.  Font style in table of contents

The font of text in table of contents was changed to normal font (before was Arial), the same font used in the rest of the document.

3. Citation style

The citation style now uses brackets instead of parenthesis around the reference number.

4.  Keywords list

Fix bug about semicolons and periods in keywords at bibliographic data (Ficha Catalográfica) and list of keywords. Now the user doesn't need to add semicolons or a period after each keyword when listing the thesis keywords.

5.  List of abreviations

The list of abreviations now is located after the lists of figures and tables, and before the epigraph. The 'thenotation' enviroment for listing the abrevations was removed. A new command \abreviationsmode{mode}, to select if the list of abreviations is visible or not, was created.

6.  The Head of the School

The info about the Head of the School was removed from the jury list.

7.  Manual fixes

All manual entries have been updated to correspond to the current release.


** August the 16th, 2017

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.6.

Changes since 1.0.5
-------------------

1.  Fixing using '%' in titles

It is now possible to use '%', escaped of course, so like this instead
'\%' in sections, subsections... Before this fix and exception would be
raised.

2.  \locale renamed \llocale

The internal variable \locale has been renamed \llocale, the former
conflicting with some texlive local variables.

3.  Manual fixes

All manual entries have been updated to correspond to the previous
release naming updates with respect to american spelling for words like
advisor, co-advisor ...

4.  Brazilian as the default language

There were no proper definition for a default thesis language, relying
on a proper user entry in the document class options, but this is now
fixed and unless otherwise the default language is now 'brazilian' (it
was american english, but that was a mistake).


** March the 24th, 2017

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.5 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

*** Changes since 1.0.4

This release fixes the american english version of the template:

-] all font pages now use 'Advisor' and Co-advisor' instead of
   'Adviser', Co-adviser';

-] the 'Coordenador Setorial...' title is now in english, 'Vice Dean of
   Graduate Studies';

-] all front pages now use american date format;

-] 'Figure ' and 'Table ' prefix all list of figures and list of tables
   entries;

-] a dedication [optional] page has been added to the 'tiny.tex'
   example;

-] an extra dot removed from the automatically built abstract text;

-] in the abstract, even for the american english template, the type of
   thesis (master or Phd) must be in Portuguese, fixed;

-] an extra dot removed from the automatically built 'Resumo';

-] chapters, sections, figures and tables titles of the 'tiny' example 
   have been translated.

** December the 20th, 2016

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.4 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

*** Changes since 1.0.3

ThesisPUC document class now allows and fully supports thesis written in
English. Such thesis must declare their doccument class as this:

	\documentclass[
	  phd,
	  american
	]{ThesisPUC}

Notes:

	- In the above:

		master replaces phd for master thesis
		brazilian replaces american for portuguese thesis

	- The \title command must still hold the portuguese version of
    the title: it is used for the page 'Resumo'.

The tiny.tex example has been declared as a phd american english written
thesis (although we did not translate its chapters and conclusion
content): all front pages, their order when applicable, as well as any
automatically generated text are in English.

** October the 20th, 2016

ThesisPUC document class version 1.0.3 is released, the next maintenance
release for the 1.0 series.

*** Changes since 1.0.2

New commands
------------

This release add three new commands

	\catalogprekeywords
    \catalogprekey

	\usecolour

The first two commands are mandatory, the third is optional. Please read
their corresponding manual entry for a complete description, usage and
example.

Bug fixes
---------

	- a tipo has been fixed in both examples: a coma was missing in
      between the document class options in both examples, leading to
      the terrible side effect of not properly hyphenating the
      nonetheless specified Brazilian language;

	- abstract pages, both the brazilian and the english one, now
      have a proper indentation of their first paragraph;

	- the automatically generated catalog entry (ficha
      catalográfica) has been debugged and reviewed in order to satisfy
      the university library and publication rules;

	- the table of content listed an undesired entry, fixed.

	- the brazilian bibliographic references chapter title is now
      'Referências bibliográfica' (not 'Referências Bibliográfica'):
      note that it is recommended, by the PUC-Rio to only capitalize the
      first letter of the first word of chapter, secton ... entries.


Dependencies
------------

	- No changes, but it is recomended to grab the latest texinfo
      version, 6.3, if you locally (re)generate the documentation.
